Hello friends, my name is Anil Rajput.
I am an MBA Finance and founder of Family First Financial
Services and have been
working in the corporate sector for 14 years.
Today I am presenting to you that on
1st July 2024, ICICI Lord
Health Insurance launched an excellent health
insurance product named
Elevate. This is a product with unique features,
which is currently not available in the industry.
Here you can avail unlimited insurance
cover. Also, suppose you have
taken an insurance policy of Rs 5 lakh and have
taken insurance cover and in the first year itself
you have a claim of Rs 50 lakh or
even Rs 1 crore. You will
get a claim of Rs 50 lakh and Rs 1 crore. This type of
unique feature is given in this policy.
Watch the full video. If you like the video, then
definitely subscribe to my channel Truffle FS.
There you will get more than 300 already
insurance related videos which will
help you in financial planning.
Let's watch the video, this plan
in details, now about this product.
What is the specialty? The first specialty is that it has
infinite sum assured. Infinite means
endless and unlimited in Hindi. So here
you can take insurance of 5 lakhs, you can also take
insurance cover of 75 lakhs, you can also take
insurance cover of 10 lakhs, 20 lakhs, 50 lakhs, you can also take
insurance cover of 1 crore, 3 crores and there
is also an option of unlimited insurance cover, you
can take that too. So by paying a nominal
extra premium here, you
can be tension free that no matter how big your
claim is, you will get the full claim.
So, Infinite is an inbuilt feature. We will
get infinite claim amount as an advance.
You will have to take an advance in the name of Infinite Care.
Its additional premium will also be charged. But here
you will get a better feature that suppose
you have purchased an insurance cover of only 5 lakhs
or you have purchased an insurance cover of 10 lakhs,
okay, you will get this option in the first year of the policy
or at the time of renewal in the next year only.
If you want to  If
you want to add this option every year,
you will not be able to do it. You
can either take it at the time of inception while you are taking the policy
or you can do it when you go for renewal the next year.
After that you will not be able to add it.
And suppose if you are
taking a policy for 2 years or 3 years together, then
you will have to add this Infinite rider addon at the time of acceptance itself.
Now let us
assume that you have added on this rider,
you have purchased a policy for Rs 5 lakh or Rs 10 lakh
and after four months,
after 6 months or the next year, a claim of Rs 50 lakh
or Rs 1 crore or Rs 2 crore comes.
You can avail this benefit only once in a lifetime. This
option will be available only once in the entire lifetime of the policy, it will not be available every time. So, once in a
lifetime, you can exercise this feature anytime.
Suppose you have a policy of Rs 10 lakh and a
claim of Rs 50 lakh comes, now
you will not be able to pay Rs 50 lakh from your pocket.  So
you exercised this option, the
entire claim of Rs 50 lakh was
paid by ICICI Lombard. Suppose you had
taken a policy of Rs 10 lakh and a claim of Rs 11 lakh came. Now
you do not want to lose this feature for Rs 1 lakh, so
you paid Rs 1 lakh from your pocket. Suppose,
this option will still
continue. So this is a great feature
which you can use once in your lifetime.
When you get a huge claim on being admitted in an in-patient hospital,
you will not have to exhaust your entire savings, you will
not have to sell your land, there is
no need to take a loan. You will be
able to claim even the biggest amount under this policy and will be
saved from compromising your financial health. Now let's talk
about Infinite Cumulative Bonus. To
avail this option, you will have to take a rider
called Power Booster Advance.
I am going to
tell you later in the video what will be the premiums for all these riders or advances. I am
also going to tell you the premiums of all of them. This
feature is now available in most of the companies and many of them.  It
is available in the plans.
What happens in this feature is that you
can take cumulative bonus up to 100%. Suppose you
purchase a policy of ₹ 1 lakh. Now your
insurance cover of 101 lakh will keep increasing every year.
Every year you will get a 100% cumulative
bonus. Next year your insurance
cover will become 20 lakh, then 30 lakh, then
40 lakh. In this way, you will get 100% cumulative
bonus every year.
Now, regarding this cumulative bonus feature,
what happens in other companies is that it will
increase only three times, it will increase only five times, it will increase six times, it will increase
10 times, this is the
maximum. But
what happens in ICICI's Elevate plan is that it is
infinite time, unlimited every year, for 10, 11, 12,
20, 25 years, for as many years as you
run the policy. Every year your insurance cover will keep
increasing from your basic sum by doing infinite
assurance. Here, if you take an add-on
called Jump Start Advance, then by taking
that advance  What benefits will you
get from this? If you have any pre-assisting
disease like asthma, hypertension,
blood pressure, diabetes, obesity or any other
illness, then your
waiting period will be 31 days only, which means that
after one month you will be able to claim these as well.
Infinite reset, which is
also called restore benefit,
you can also avail reset benefit for unlimited times in the same person, same disease. If we
talk about the basic features of the policy under advance, then
here you will
get inpatient cover, that is, the amount you get in case of admission for 24 hours or more is
called inpatient cover.
For this, minimum 24-hour admission is
necessary. Along with this, you will
also get the benefit of day procedures. Such
diseases for which 24-hour admission is
not mandatory will also be covered in this.
Donor and organ donor expenses will
also be covered in this policy.
If you get AYUSH treatment done,  This
policy will cover you. You will
also get the benefit of road ambulance in this policy. You will
get all these benefits up to your annual sum added, whether it is
domiciliary
feature. Surrogacy benefit up to ₹ lakh for
surrogate mother and OT is given in this bill.
If you claim a maximum of ₹ 5 lakh, then
this will also be covered in this policy.
Surrogacy, which is probably available in very few plans, is also being
covered in this policy.
You will also get the benefit of bariatric surgery.
Obesity related surgeries will
also be covered in this policy.
You will get a discount of up to 30% in the wellness program.
If you take care of your health, do
regular walking,
monitor it well through an ICICI
Lombard app, then you
can get a discount of up to 30%. Modern
treatments will also be covered like robotic
surgery etc. And one good thing is that there is
no limit in this.
Most of the other policies have a limit on modern treatments.  There is a certain
limit that we will provide
you modern treatment only up to this amount, but there is no
limit in this, you will get cover up to your basic method,
along with this I have already
told you about the reset benefit which is
unlimited restore which is called
guaranteed cumulate bonus, you will get
guaranteed cumulate bonus on 20, in every claim
free year if a claim comes you will not get it in that year
but it will not impact the claim,
your bonus will not become zero
but every year in whichever year you do
not have a claim, you will get more bonus on 20,
so there is unlimited restore as well, along with this
you will also get this benefit,
apart from this you will also get discounts etc.
and if you are a health care assistant or
telecommunication, in that way you
can also avail the benefit of tele health, let's talk about
advance in this policy, like you go to
eat pizza, pizza
is common but what you add on it,
its cost increases according to your need, in the same way
in this plan you will get 22  23 advances have been given
which you can add as per your need, if you do
n't want to add then you cannot do it, whatever
requirement you have that I
want this rider, you can add it, a small
amount will be charged, extra premium will be charged
but you will get those features just
like your pizza, so now first of all we have talked about Infinite Care
that you can
claim once for unlimited lifetime, no matter how
big the amount you had taken, whether you had taken a policy of Rs.10 lakh or Rs.10 lakh, if we
talk about Power Booster then
you get 100% cumulative bonus, every year
suppose the insurance will increase by Rs.10 lakh
or Rs.55 lakh, whatever your annual sum asset will be,
this cumulative bonus increases for you every year, if we
talk about Jump Start then
here you will get coverage for
asthma, blood pressure, sugar after 31 days only, if we
talk about Claim Protector then
here you will
get the benefits of consumer benefits, like if you see
when Covid came, many people had a
small amount deducted from their claim amount
So people wondered what this deduction was for, so they were being
deducted on consumer bills. Consumer bills
mean masks, PP kits, gloves,
which are one-time use and throw
items, they are called consumer bills. If
you don't want their expenses
deducted, you
can add this rider by paying a small extra premium.
Apart from this, there is also an inflation protector,
if you want your
insurance cover to increase according to inflation, then
you can add this rider.
If you want domestic air ambulance cover,
suppose you live in Surat and your
treatment is emergency and the doctor has written
that you need to get
treatment in Bombay through air ambulance only.
Suppose you will get treatment there in Mumbai, then let's
say from Surat,
you can cover the air ambulance expenses to go to Mumbai.
You can also add air ambulance as an advance.
Dependent Accommodation
Benefit, for example, you have taken a policy and you are
sick.  If you are done and you want your family to
come there and they too
get accommodation, then
you will be given this benefit for their accommodation for 10 days at the rate of ₹000 per day. If you
want to modify or downgrade the room, you
can do both. Let's talk about the next advance
which is called compassionate visit. For example,
you have purchased the policy and you are
working in Delhi but you are a resident of
Jodhpur. Now suppose you fall ill and are
hospitalized for more than 5 days, then
you will get a benefit of train ticket or economy class air ticket from your home in Jodhpur to Delhi up to a maximum of ₹00.
Maternity benefit is also covered in this policy. There will be a
waiting period of two years. There is
another extra rider in which you
can reduce the waiting period to 12 months. So, in maternity benefit, you will be able to cover up to ₹10
per your basic sum or maximum up to ₹1 lakh.
Suppose you have
taken a policy of ₹5 lakh.  So you will be able to claim only up to Rs 500
but if you have a policy of 20 lakhs then
you can claim up to a maximum of Rs 1 lakh. The
new born baby also, which will be
related to treatment for up to 90 days or any health
related issue, will also be covered
in this policy. Along with this, the
cost of vaccination in the first year, whatever
cost is incurred in vaccination, that too can be
covered in the policy. These are all riders for which
you will have to pay additional premium
of the nominal premium. Which of these do you want to add, whether
I want to add maternity or
compassion or add cover for newborn baby or whether I want to
take vaccination, only then
you will have to pay extra premium, if you do
not want to take it then you can skip it. Out of these 22
to 23, whichever advances you
want to add, you have to add only that, there is
no need to add all of them and if you
feel that you have to add all of them, you can do it. Let's
talk about nursing at home, suppose you were
admitted in the hospital, got treatment
done, got discharged from there and now the
treatment is going on at home as well.
After hospitalization, if
a qualified nurse comes to you for the next 10 days, then you can get
cover up to Rs. 000 per day under this policy. By taking this add-on, you
can also take an advance for durable medical equipment cover. For example, if the
medical practitioner writes to you that
you want to take this equipment on rent or
buy it, then you can take this option up to Rs. 5 lakh in a policy year.
Talking about convenience benefit,
suppose you are admitted in the hospital for 10 days or more
due to any illness or accident, then
you will get an
amount up to Rs. 000 with this advance.
Talking about health checkup,
you can get a health checkup done up to Rs. 55000 for half of the basic sum, say Rs. 5
lakh. And if the insurance cover is
more than this, then
you
can get cashless treatment up to a maximum of Rs. 000. Talking about
other advances, here you can take care of
OPD expenses by taking this advance.
You can avail the benefit. Apart from this,
in Network Advantage, if you get the treatment done
in the preferred network, suppose I get the treatment done in the same particular
hospitals which are the preferred network of
ICICI Bank, then
you will get a discount of Rs 10, but
if you get the treatment done outside that, then
you will have to pay an additional Rs 20.
You can also take a rider for teleconsultation,
where you can take advice from the doctor over telephone,
etc. Option to reduce
maternity benefit: I had told you that
you want to reduce the waiting period from 2 years to one year, then
you can add this rider. You
can select the co-payment of Rs 10, 20, 30, 40 or 50,
suppose I make a co-payment of Rs 10,
then suppose my claim comes for Rs 1 lakh, then
I will pay Rs 10,000 from my pocket, the company will give Rs 90,000
from the co-payment, but you
get a discount from this, the more the percentage of payment, the more
discount you get.
Talking about the premium, there is
also personal accident cover.  You can take
personal accidental cover up to 50 lakhs and
critical illness cover of 50 lakhs. 20 critical illnesses
are covered in this policy, so you
can get them added as an add-on. You will get discounts.
Wellness discounts. You know
you get a discount on 30%, but there is
a unique discount in this, which is probably not available in other companies,
its name is early renewal
discount. If you renew the policy before 30 days, then
you will
get a discount of up to 10%. And if you purchase a long term
policy for two years, if
you purchase the policy together, then there
is a discount of 10%. If you purchase a policy for 3 years together, then
you will get a discount of up to 15%.
Talking about the information of basic eligibility,
then this policy can be taken by
any person from 18 years to 125 years.
125 years means that there is
no maximum age limit now that a person of 60 years or 65 years can
also be of 70, 80, 90 years.
Even if you have a policy, you can take this policy. You can select the option of 5 lakh, 75
lakh, 10 lakh, 15 lakh, 20, 25, 50, 1 crore, 3 crore
and unlimited sums.
You can take a policy for one year,
two years or even if you
want to take it together for nine years.
You can take a family floater policy
where you can add two adults and three children
in this policy and even if the children are 30
years old, the fee will be covered in it.
Most of the company's plans
cover only children of 25 years, but even if the
children are 30 years old, you
can still take it in family floater. Regarding the waiting period, there is a
normal waiting period of 30 days
in every health insurance policy.
Apart from accident, the
waiting period for pre-existing diseases is 36
months and in which I told that you can
reduce it to 31 days also,
like asthma, blood pressure, diabetes,
those particular diseases  You
can complete the illness under one advance, otherwise, for all the
other pre-assisting loans,
you will have a waiting period of nine years. For
specific diseases like hernia, fistula,
stone, etc., there will be a
waiting period of two years. There will be a waiting
period of 90 days.
If you have applied for critical illness benefit
and for bariatric surgery, obesity-
related surgery, there is a waiting period of two years. There will be a
waiting period of 90 days for
diabetes, cardiac conditions,
and for maternity benefit, you will have a
waiting period of two years. So, if
you want to increase the advance for maternity from 24
months to 12 months, then you
can do it. If we talk about zones, then in Zone A,
here in Maharashtra there is Navi Mumbai,
Mumbai, these cities will come, Delhi will
come, in Haryana there is Gurugram, Karnal, Sonepat,
Rohtak, Noida, Ghazibad, Meerut in Uttar Pradesh,
these will
come in Zone A. Talking about zones, Ahmedabad
and Surat in Gujarat are zones.  City A is considered. Zone B includes
Pune, Kolkata, Bangalore, Chennai, Pasri. These
cities will have premium as per Zone B.
In Zone C, you will get Rest of India,
Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir, Ladakh, Lakshadweep, Kerala,
Odisha, Assam, Manipur, Meghalaya,
Mizoram. All these will come under Zone C. Rest of the cities will
come under Rest of India, so
your premium will be charged as per the zone. Talking about the premium, the
premium that I have shown here is of
Zone A, excluding
GST. Let's assume that there is a person
whose age is 25 years and he
takes an insurance cover of 5 lakhs, then
his premium is Rs 02, but
instead of Rs 5, if he takes an insurance cover of 10 lakhs, then the
premium will be Rs 981. And if he
takes an insurance cover of Rs 1 crore, then the
premium will be Rs 14204. If he
takes unlimited insurance or any infinity, then
he can take unlimited insurance cover for Rs 8584. No matter how big the
claim is, there is
no need to worry. Now let's see the
premium of different advances. I will tell you in short,
like the Compassionate Visit, which I
told you from Jodhpur  You are coming to Bombay for
a train ticket or train ticket,
expenses up to 20000. If you add this rider, if
you are taking an individual policy then
you can add this rider for just ₹80. For
convenience benefit, where you are
sick for more than 10 days, you
can take it at one go. There you can add this rider for ₹1.
Nursing at home,
where you will get ₹10 per day nursing for 10
days, you can add it for ₹30. For
dependent accommodation benefit, you
get accommodation benefit of ₹000 for the next 10
days and you can add it for ₹10.
For domestic air ambulance, you
can add a rider for ₹10. Do it here
in optional cover, suppose you are taking personal accidental cover for ₹5
lakh, then you will get it for ₹50
and if you are taking it for ₹50 lakh, then you will get it for ₹00.  You can
also add a personal accidental cover of ₹50 lakh
if ​​you are taking critical illness benefit.
Suppose your age is 25 years and
you take a critical illness benefit of ₹5 lakh for
20 diseases covered, then it will be available for ₹12.50
and you
can add a critical illness cover of ₹50 lakh for ₹22,500.
If you want to get a health checkup done for 20 critical illnesses, it will cost
₹25 where the health
checkup will cost ₹22,500 and if you
want to get the health checkup done now, then an additional premium of ₹1 will be charged. There is a
maternity benefit
where there is a waiting period of 2 years. If you
want to take maternity benefit up to ₹5000000, then the
premium is ₹10,186. For ₹75,000, the
premium will be ₹20,770,717 and for up to ₹1 lakh
If you want to avail maternity benefit,
you can add this rider for an additional premium of ₹ 400. If we
talk about new born baby cover,
then cover up to 1 lakh will be available for ₹ 939, up to 5 lakh for ₹
13000, cover of 2 lakh will be available for ₹ 811.
If you want to get vaccination done up to 5000, then you will get
vaccination worth ₹ 7500 for ₹ 99, and
vaccination worth ₹ 1000 for ₹ 817. You can get this advance
added for the advance premium of the protector.
Here, let us
assume that your insurance cover increases according to the inflation rate. If
a 25 year old person
purchases an insurance cover of ₹ 1 crore, then he
can add this rider for just ₹ 100. Suppose the
expensive rate is ₹ 5, then
his insurance cover will increase by ₹ 5 lakh for ₹ 1 crore. Let us
talk about the consumer benefit of clean protector
like mask, PP
kit club, one time use and throw ones.  There are
expenses, so if
you take advance of that, suppose a 25 year old
person purchases a policy of 5 lakhs, then
he can add it for 80 rupees.
In a policy of 10 lakhs, he can add this rider by paying a premium of 24 rupees. Let's
talk about the
cumulative bonus of power booster, where
your insurance cover increases 100% by 10 lakhs.
If you add that rider,
suppose your insurance cover is 5 lakhs
and you want to add this rider, you will have to pay
25% extra for this rider.
Suppose you have
taken a policy of 5 lakhs, whose premium is 10,000, and now
you want to add this rider so that
my insurance cover increases to 55 lakhs every year, then
now you will have to pay 25%
additional premium for 10,000, that is,
you will get the policy for 12,500 total premium. Let's talk about
infinite care, where once you  You
can make unlimited claims, that rider is for example,
suppose you have taken a policy of Rs 5 lakh, but if
you have to pay additional Rs 15 lakh for that, then you will
pay Rs 00 extra, this is included in Rs 00.  You will be able to add this rider
and take it in the policy. Similarly,
you can see the option in other sums as well.
Talking about the payment, if you are
ready to pay from your pocket, that is,
if I pay 10% of the claim,
I will
bear 10% from my pocket, then you will get a 10% discount in the premium.
If you pay 30%, you will get a
30% discount in the premium. If you
pay 10%, you will get a 30% discount in the premium. So
finally, if I were to evaluate this product, it is an
excellent product, it is a cheap
plan. You are getting infinite cover.
You are getting cumulative bonuses. You are getting
guaranteed bonuses. You are getting surrogacy
benefits. You are getting maternity benefits.
You are getting the option to reduce the waiting period.
You are getting zone-wise
cheap premiums.
You are able to purchase unlimited cover in the policy. So, it is a
feature-rich product.
Add the features you want as per your requirement. Do
not add the features you do not want to add.
You can customize this product as per your requirement.  You
can design it and
purchase it as per your requirement. You
can contact me to purchase this plan
on 99403 412.
If you like the plan, then definitely subscribe to my channel
Anil Rajput Triple S
where you will find
more than 350 insurance related
videos on that channel which will help in financial planning.
Thank you so much Jai Hind